c:\users\mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\ChatBotDebug.dll
c:\users\mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\ChatBotDebug.pdb
c:\users\mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\obj\Debug\ChatBotDebug.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\obj\Debug\ChatBotDebug.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\obj\Debug\ChatBotDebug.dll
c:\users\mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\obj\Debug\ChatBotDebug.pdb
C:\Users\Mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\ChatBotDebug.dll.config
C:\Users\Mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\DirectLineClient.dll
C:\Users\Mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\obj\Debug\ChatBotDebug.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\Mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\obj\Debug\ChatBotDebug.ChatPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.dll
C:\Users\Mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.xml
C:\Users\Mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\obj\Debug\ChatBotDebug.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\ChatBotDebug.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\obj\Debug\ChatBotDebug.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Mofl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChatBotDebug\ChatBotDebug\bin\Debug\ChatBotDebug.dll.mdb
